[wrangler] Update instructions for accessing runtime types (#20082)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/runtime-apis/rpc/typescript.mdx

    content: Workers RPC — TypeScript
description: How TypeScript types for your Worker or Durable Object's RPC
  methods are generated and exposed to clients
---

import { PackageManagers } from "~/components";

Running [`wrangler types`](/workers/languages/typescript/#generate-types) generates runtime types including the `Service` and `DurableObjectNamespace` types, each of which accepts a single type parameter for the [`WorkerEntrypoint`](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/service-bindings/rpc) or [`DurableObject`](/durable-objects/best-practices/create-durable-object-stubs-and-send-requests/#call-rpc-methods) types.

Using higher-order types, we automatically generate client-side stub types (e.g., forcing all methods to be async).

> [`wrangler types`](/workers/languages/typescript/#generate-types) also generates types for the `env` object. You can pass in the path to the config files of your callee Worker or Durable Object so that the generated types include the type parameters for the `Service` and `DurableObjectNamespace` types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`wrangler types`](/workers/languages/typescript/#generate-types) also generates types for the `env` object. You can pass in the path to the config files of the Worker or Durable Object being called so that the generated types include the type parameters for the `Service` and `DurableObjectNamespace` types.
```
